This other way of handling errors could be interesting in cases like when you send a request and don't
subscribe to it in your component.
It's easy for us to react to an error in the component here
if we do return the observable and we subscribe in the component because then we can pass this second
argument to subscribe which is this error handling function
but what about creating a post? There,
I subscribe in the service.
Now obviously, you could just return the observable there too and simply subscribe in the component instead
and that would not be wrong but you can of course also implement a different pattern of handling that
error,
you could use a subject and that is especially useful if you have multiple places in the application
that might be interested in your error.
So for example here, you could have your error property which is a new subject and subject needs to
be imported from RxJS and that will let's say eventually give us a string, that error message
but of course you can store in there whatever you want
and the idea then simply is that here where we subscribe, where we get that error, we now use that subject.
So this error, we call next and we pass on error message
and now the remaining step is that we subscribe to that subject in all the places we're interested
in that error message.
So here in this example, we would subscribe in ngOnInit for example, like this and whenever we get
our error message here, we could set this error equal to the error message.
Now of course as you learned, it's a good and recommended practice to unsubscribe
if you get rid of this component, so I'll add a new property error sub which is a subscription and therefore,
we need to import subscription from RxJS, like this and now we can store our subscription in that
property
here in ngOnInit
and now we just need to add onDestroy here, this interface and import that from @angular/core as
well and add ngOnDestroy therefore, maybe here at the end of the component and there, we now just
want to unsubscribe,
so this error sub unsubscribe.
Now we use a subject-based strategy for forwarding the error and that is fine too.